Replace docker-compose with docker compose, update install instructions (#753)
rucio/documentation: docs/operator/setting_up_demo.md

`.githubtoken` file that contains a full access token from
[__Github Account Settings__](https://github.com/settings/tokens).

> Next, startup the Rucio development environment with docker compose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, start up the Rucio development environment with `docker compose`.
```
